The case for the prosecution was that on the evening of saturday, october 20th 1956 a party of tribal policemen under Police Corporal Wanjohi were guarding part of the trench dividing the reserve from the forest. in the party was a section 158 i Document 4 commanded by Police reserve sergeant Mwangi, whose men included Constable ndirangu and Constable njogi. The capture of your Petitioner, according to the prosecution evidence, was described in the Judgment of the learned Chief Justice as follows. “When it started to get light on the morning of sunday october 21st, ndirangu and njogi moved along the reserve side of the trench to their left, very quietly and slowly. They were looking for tracks. When they got to the edge of a place where there had been cultivation, ndirangu saw a figure carrying something over his shoulder which ndirangu could not distinguish properly in the dim light: it looked like poles. ndirangu says that when he first saw the man, he was about 35 yards away (the witness later indicated an object further away) along the trench, climbing the bank of the trench on the forest side. ndirangu saw him moving slowly towards the forest. at this spot there was open ground for seven or eight yards from the edge of the trench and then thick kei-apple (thorn) trees in a kind of a fence which would provide an obstacle to passage. When the man had climbed the bank of the trench and had moved about three yards, in the direction of the forest, moving slowly, ndirangu shouted “Who goes there?” in english. The man did not answer: he dropped what he was carrying: started back, fell into the trench and made off along it in a direction away from the road. ndirangu and njogi ran after him. ndirangu called to him in Kikuyu many times to stop; but he did not do so. ndirangu fired. The man ran on. He tried to get out of the trench on the forest side and ndirangu then fired at him a second time. The man continued running down the trench with ndirangu and njogi in pursuit.