i thought that i had completed the sentence: that i did not know there was such a law for one who wished to surrender. i only spoke six words. i was unable to speak more on account of the pain i had. Q. you were visited by ViDler – a Police officer – on certain matters; why have you not told him that you came in to sur- render? a. He asked me several questions and i replied truthfully. Trial of Dedan Kimathi i 95 ‘b’ He was in civilian clothes and he did not tell me he was a Police officer. besides you (Counsel) i have spoken to the europeans who were keeping guard over me and have told them that i was shot while coming out to surrender. epilepsy During my life i have suffered from what the KiKuyu call ‘devils’.38 it throws me down to the ground and i become unconscious till i feel people carrying me. it started a very long time ago when i was young. i can’t say when. My mother will know. it was when i was a small boy. i have these fits very often. They have continued all my life. When i was young i had attacks frequently. since i have grown up i get attacks every three or six months. yes, i have had attacks in the forest. i have been questioned by a Doctor in nyeri, while i was in the hospital since my capture. i have been treated by ‘medicine men’ (Witness corrects the interpreter’s translation to ‘Witch doctors’) not by african doctors of medicine. The fits continued after they (the Witch Doctors) treated me. XXD. i see eXHibiT 6 (pistol) i admit that i was in possession of this the morning i was arrested – the 21st october, 1956. yes, i say that i had kept it to defend myself against attacks. i have never fired it so cannot say that it was in good order. i trusted that the man who gave it to me knew that it was good. i have never had any other weapons in the forest. i always have the ‘staff’ already mentioned. before i left the others in 1954, i never had any weapon. yes, this is a ‘photo of me.39 yes, i am holding a rifle. i think it was taken in June, 1953. eX.