The 2nd round fired – the bullet went through the wood which is about 1⁄2 an inch thick (soft wood used for making boxes). The bullet went into the sandbag and Vidler recovered it and gave it to me. Vidler in my presence marked the two places by initialling them. i have done 5 years army service in the parachute regiment. i received training in small arms including pistols – in .38 pistols similar to this. i have frequently fired one. i have done weapon training courses in which pistols were included. i have been in the Kenya Police 20 months. i have received training in firearms – pistols in the Kenya Police. i am issued with a .45 Webley. The mechanism of that is similar to a .38. When i saw ex. 6 on the 21/10 it was in quite good condition except for a bit of dust. it was quite capable of firing. i pulled it through with a “pull-through” but it would have fired without.25 in my opinion it is an accurate pistol. i have seen someone fatally shot by a .38 similar to this. This pistol if fired at a human being would kill him if it hit him in a vital spot. aDJourneD To 9.30 ToMorroW 22/11. (signed) K. K. o’Connor. C.J. 21/11/56. 25. a “pull-through” is a cleaning implement consisting of an oily rag attached by a cord to a weight. it is pulled through the barrel of a rifle or hand- gun for cleaning purposes. 76 i Document 1 insPeCTor CreW recalled on former oath (Consults notes made at the time.) The distance from the murram road to point G is 1950’ (650x). Distance from the road to beginning of maize plot on trench is approx. 500’. Distance from the road to other side of the maize plot is approx. 800’ – maize plot measured along trench about 300’. Murram road is approx. level for 200x or so. The forest side of the trench is higher than the reserve side. opposite point G the lip of the trench is higher. The ground slopes down at a gradient of about 1 in 7”. The maize plot is flat and the arrows denote that the ground is sloping away from it downwards. blaCKMan resuMeD.