i have now forgotten how many paces a very stu- surrender. it was. in half a mile i cannot say how many paces there are. i am pid witness Cross-examined: illiterate. i would say it was about 170 yards from the main road to with no idea note: i posted myself and my two men on the right hand side of the of times or the castor oil tree. i have no idea whatever of the time it took us to Witness road facing the forest. between us and the next post (between us distances. cover that distance. appears and the road) was about 30 yards. We were about 30 yards from no re-examination. to have no idea of the main road. The next post was the same distance. yes, my post distances. would be about 60 yards from the main road. yes, i made and Wanyiri s/o GaKuu {Wanjiri Gakuyu}. affirmed, states: signed a statement to the police 21/10. yes, i said i heard i am a T.P.r. Constable and have been one for about 1 year, and ndirangu s/o Mau shout “stop”. i did hear him. He also said “Halt, before that i was in the Home Guard. i am stationed at Kahigaini who goes there?” yes, i heard that plainly. Post. in the evening of 20/10 i was in an ambush party under sjt. Q. How far do you think you were from ndirangu? Mwangi. We took positions near the ditch dividing the Kikuyu a. about half a mile. reserve from the Forest. i was with sjt. Mwangi and njeru Karundo. Facing the forest we were on the right side of the road. Q. you said: “as i was running towards ndirangu, i heard 2 shots Maina and Mwangi Kanguru were also on the right side of the fired?” road between us and the road. a. yes. 11.30 a.m. adjourned to 11.50 resumed 11.50 a.m. Q. you had not mentioned hearing a 3rd shot? (one assessor late. arrives 11.58.) a. yes, i did. i said i heard 3 shots. i did hear 3 shots. resumed – 11.58. note: i heard the 3rd shot after climbing hill as we were about to Witness continues: Witness go down the slope. after hearing the 2nd shot i cannot say how i heard a shot that morning – altogether i heard 3 shots.