Prior to my arrest on the 21st october, i had been living in the forest. i had been living there with other people – africans. i had been living in the forest for almost four years. Q. During that time did you remain friendly with the people you associated with? a. Please repeat. Q. When you first went there you were friendly with your associ- ates. Did you remain their friend? a. no. We began to become unfriendly in July, 1953, and the reason was because i wrote a letter to the Governor.36 s.G. i object to secondary evidence of a document which may be in exis- tence. it should be called for. 35. africans appearing before the colonial courts could be sworn in by taking different oaths according to their religious beliefs. although the tran- script is unclear, it can be assumed that Kimathi was sworn on a Christian oath on the bible, as reported by the East African Standard on 24 november 1956. 36. Kimathi is most likely referring to a series of letters sent by Kimathi in July 1953 discussing the possibility of negotiations. in august 1953, Kimathi sent a letter to W.W.W. awori to be published in the local newspaper Habari za Dunia and that was subsequently translated and published in the East African Standard, which publicly called for a ceasefire and negotiations for peace. For more on these letters, see the introduction and anderson’s contribution in this volume. 90 i Document 1 Miller: does not press. i have written many letters. i did not discuss all the letters. i discussed one of the letters with three other leaders. These three other leaders were friendly with me. They wished that i should meet the leaders of the Government. Many others – the majority – a large number objected and wished to kill me. i was told by the other three leaders. i moved to another leader’s tent and spent the night there. They wanted to kill me because of a letter i had written to the Government. The following day i shifted and went to my own hideout far away. i went with five others.