The Royal Hunt, Limuru Hunt, the envy of aristocrats. By the way, that speech of yours in court was nice. You were right. But as a Judge I was supposed to be neutral. Struggle. We too have a right to struggle, to persevere, conserve, maintain healthy standards: Christianity, civilization. I am a Kenyan. By might and right. Right is might, believe me. I grew up in Nyeri. 1'm only fighting for my own, spoils of war if you like. But sweat and thought have gone into it. Dedan K.imathi: you must plead. Life comes before pride. You once vowed that no whiteman wouJd ever get you. But now you are in custody. Hanging between life and death. Plead, plead, plead guilty. It's a game, yes. You can name your prize. You'll have your life. Only, we must end this strife. Plead guilty for Life I KIMATID: : Life. My Life. Give up my life for your life. Who are you, imperialist caninbal, to guarantee my life? My life is our People Struggling 35 SECOND MOVEMENT Fighting Not like you to maintain Slavery Oppression Exploitation But To end slavery, exploitation, Modem cannibalism. Out. Rat. Go back to your masters and tell them: Kimathi will never sen Kenya to the British or to any other Breed of mao-eaters, now or in the years to come. HENDERSON: Warder! Warder! : 1'11 get you yet. I swear 1'11 get you. I, Shaw Henderson, will break you. I know the native mind. Black man, I'll have the last laugh. Second Trial KIMATID: Save your life. A colonialist my saviour? Saved into nco-slavery. Usten to that my people! Kimathi of lregi generation. I was blessed by a blind gnmdmother, A peasant, a toiler. She imparted her strength. the strensth of our people into me. I felt her blind faith, blind strength enter my bones. Fire and light. Save my life? udaybe that and this and that I It is true that I've always v;wtted to dance the dance of my people. 36 SECOND MOVEMENT MIME:  KIMATH I: They used to dance these Before the white colonialist came In the arena . . . at initiation . . . during funerals . .